Add wireframe.md, annotations.md, and term folders. (#5)
js6450/docs: content/uiux/concepts/content-hierarchy/content-hierarchy.md

---
Title: 'Content Hierarchy'
Description: 'Content hierarchy is established by giving precedence and priority to certain content within a digital interface.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'UI'
  - 'UX'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'path/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

**Content hierarchy** is established by giving precedence and priority to certain content within a digital interface.

> The type of content (i.e. [image](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/images), [text](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/text), [buttons](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/buttons), etc.), where it is placed, and how it is presented, are some factors that help establish content hierarchy.

Reviewer: @lucwhite Not sure if there's some sort of standard for using Latin abbreviations ('i.e' and 'etc.') close to one another?

Reviewer 2: No standard on that, I see no issue with this

> Content hierarchy can be established by adjusting the size and page position of elements. For example, content with greater priority is often larger in size and towards the top of a page, whereas lesser priority content is smaller and towards the bottom of a page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Content hierarchy can be established by adjusting the size and page position of elements. For example, content with greater priority is often larger in size and towards the top of a page, whereas content with lower priority is smaller and toward the bottom of a page.
```
